# Storyteller's Revenge
This project is part of the Udacity VR Nanodegree program, and is focused on 360 media.  The Storyteller's revenge is my attempt to tell a story with a 360 video using a VR player.  Within the video there are several points at which you can "choose your own destiny" so to speak.  There is also a background track to help set the mood for each scene, and some additional "special effects" in the form of particles falling to represent mist or rain.  Unfortunately, to keep the size of the app reasonable, the quality of the video is reduced significantly, and is not nearly as good as I would like for something like this, but perhaps this is something that can be improved in the future with different tweaks that I have not tried yet.

## Installation
* If you own an Android phone, you can install the app by simply copying the `WaterfallAdventure.apk` file from the **Build** directory onto your android device, and installing the apk by clicking on it from the file manager.
* If you own an iPhone, you will need to follow the instructions below for **contributing** to this app, and then switch to the iOS platform in build settings before rebuilding and running on your phone.

## Contributing
You will need to download and install the [Unity Game Engine](https://unity3d.com/), as well as the [Google VR SDK Plugin for Unity](https://developers.google.com/vr/unity/download) to be able to edit this app.  For this app, I used version 1.70.0 Next, you will need to clone this GitHub repo, and then open `WaterfallAdventure` in the Unity editor to begin making modifications to the project.

## Lessons Learned
Yet another lesson where I learned quite a bit more than I believed I would when I started this project.  For starters, I've become quite familiar with the Unity video player, which is very nice to use and has a lot of built-in features to make playing videos in Unity easier.  Streaming videos via a URL is a little bit of a trade-off, while it keeps the files sizes down, in order to have it stream fast enough, you have to reduce the quality of the video significantly, as I mentioned in the description above.  As another part of this project, that is not quite as obvious, I learned a lot about editing video clips in Adobe Premier Pro.  Adding in background music to set the mood for different scenes, using various cutscenes to transition between different clips, as well as a title and credits to make a complete story using different pieces of video.  This was a lot of work, but proved valuable in teaching me how to edit raw video to make a final product.